hello I don't know when you're gonna
call us so when would I sleep when I'm
not calling no it's not unreasonable at
all excuse me take it the boss lady's on
a warpath this morning I really think I
could help this company you just gave me
a chance just concentrate on being my
assistant or you always mean I got big
and I got rich from now I'm gonna check
me boo I wish for my age and I check you
well I wish you were little I told you
watch it you want to bet growing and you
look up that's for white people cuz
black people don't have the time
Child Protective Services enroll this
child in school or somebody is going to
jail
but somebody do you mean shorten
everyone else you're a child so you have
to start acting like it get back to work
whose child is this walking around here
in a tiny pink pantsuit please all the
world I need you to cover for me in the
office
I should really dress the part your body
gets into my clothes this squat his
Pilates that body looks like baby damn
Gymboree ask our guys to be fine damn
girl lookin like cookie from Empire
I could tell that you are a special
young lady if I could get really I feel
like I get you two so you feeling what
I'm feeling
no I'm not feeling that at all don't
don't look at me like that
just look look look at the other way
look through it look the look up there
what is going on well I'm April you're
the boss of me
one thing I dare you you're too fast for
that skirt okay
see I've been looking at you like a
little girl but you a grown-ass woman we
have a BMW situation black mama whooping
spanking your kids mommy my mama
[Music]